good game baby what's up bro oh man you
know I got some news what's going on
everything I had news nah don't tell me
something happen to your dog or
something what's going on you know that
spy deal I was working on yeah
stop playing dude why you do that to you
ha ha come on the enemy out here man
that's what I'm talking about
hey man Congrats bro you did it son your
first big endorsement
yo that's all you boy come on man I'm
proud of you
all right go get changed and we got a
lot of celebrating to do so I'm talking
about a man we'll see you out there all
right sir so as soon as I picked up my
Jordan endorsements sprite now wants to
feature me I am their next athlete I
guess I got a sprite endorsement the
Billboard is up and look at this man let
me tell you this it's probably one of my
favorites it looks pretty dope and as
I'm going into the scrimmage right here
you guys see me turning the ball over
all of these endorsements coming in
basically tell you about the hard work
paying off not only am I getting
endorsements but we're picking up double
used this is the last regular season
game before we more than likely are
headed to the playoffs and speaking of
playoffs my Washington Wizards those of
you that follow me on Twitter you guys
have seen me going crazy every single
game I do not want to say I'm surprising
B Chicago but I am kind of shocked that
it was 4 to 1 I mean I've seen guys like
Trevor Booker guys like Bradley Beal
just grow in front of our eyes I don't
know what's gonna happen the rest of the
playoffs but man oh man I'm excited for
a feature and definitely I'm loved in
the playoffs so far it's been definitely
one of my favorite I'm saying definitely
a lot I have to chill out it's it's been
one of my favorites in a long time so
we'll see how the playoffs turn out to
be like look at me drive in beautiful
reverse layup
thanks for stopping by as you know it's
important for me to regularly check in
with all of our players so how you
feeling about the team at this point of
the season right now things are great
I mean we've turned the season around
the Boston Celtics are looking good I'm
really happy with the team right now I
like the direction things are going
coach has been great hey we just got to
keep winning games you know yeah
absolutely
listen I'm really happy that things are
working out for you keep up the good
work for sure definitely thanks for
checking in now at any time absolutely
hey I heard you got a new place how's it
coming
oh man it's like it good up in there
yeah gotta come through I have a
barbecue one of these well I'd love to
yeah I'd love to check it out I heard
the views are really nice oh man you
know always bring the lady okay yeah
yeah that'll work
play some 2k speaking of the Wizards
guess who we play in their last regular
season game we are matched up against to
watch the Wizards they're fighting for a
playoff spot you guys see they are right
now trailing they're actually tied with
the Charlotte Bobcats so if they lose to
us they are getting eliminated from the
playoffs and the Boston Celtics will
advance so it's all up to us and see how
we're gonna come out and respond here so
I don't know I don't want to do it to
the watch the boys are like Napoli we
also have to pick up a win as well so
there's no way we're gonna come out here
and lose because I'm planning as my
favorite team I can't do that so glad
Rice jr. is starting I don't know what's
going on Bradley Beal but here we go
tipoff time John Wall definitely needs a
big game here today for the Wizards to
advance instead of playoffs it's a nice
little screen John Wall drives and he
gets blocked but trevor booker gets the
rebound and he's headed to the
free-throw line first two free throws of
the game and
syncs both of them oh I'm wide open
kelly olynyk nice bounce pass and a
trifecta it's good so just like that we
have the lead now
bounce pass the chopper broke and he
gets blocked now so you're seeing a few
blocks here in there we're playing
pretty good defense look at me oh I get
tripped up
I do see Kelly Olynyk cutting into the
basket and just like that I pick up my
first assist of the game set me a nice
screen there you go cutting to the
basket ah I didn't want one to throw a
turnover I didn't want to get a turnover
so that's why I didn't pass to him right
there
here's Brandon Bass thinks about a shot
clock ticking down Brandon Bass gives it
off to Ron don't four to three and even
range on Rondo is singing knows here you
guys saw him during the regular season
he can knock those down and I after the
pump egg right there I set myself up for
a wide-open look 10 to 10 it's tied up
Rondo Rayshawn gives it right back to me
another great look so we're taking high
percentages field goal shared and that
is nothing good but you see Trevor
Booker once again man I was talking
about him earlier and he if proven is
right but look at that done Kevin
Seraphin just got himself a poster all
Duffy sigh not one to send it to him
later and this sounds that John Wall I
will send John Wall poster he's my
favorite player I can't do that to him
Trevor Ariza knocks down at three and
they are slowly coming back another pump
fake works Rondo give it to Bradley and
look at that ball rotation Avery Bradley
is able to finish that one you guys see
we're playing team basketball this is
our last regular season game it's the
last time we're gonna get to you know
try some new things out before we go
into the playoffs because during the
playoffs we gotta have a game plan so
there goes another three-pointer
Jeff Green Ally you been that is good
and that is half-time 37 to 27 low score
in the game but you guys do know I'm
playing on like what seven minute
quarters which I will be changing once
we get into the playoffs I'll probably
do like 10 minutes because I do want to
make the playoffs more exciting for me
for you guys so you guys thinking right
here getting my own on Kelly olynyk's
rebound I'm gonna pump fake pump fake
and put the shot up and it just it's
just getting out of hand and with this
3-pointer right here I think this is it
with four minutes left I don't know what
the Wizards have in their tank but here
they do not count of three Trevor Ariza
gets his fourteenth point so you never
know what could happen here Kelly Olynyk
inbounds the ball oh they left bring
them that's wide open I love getting
double-teamed because it's always gonna
free up one of my teammates look at this
once again but this time I kept it and I
just body John Wall right there
25 points four assists and eight
rebounds you asked 76 percent shooting a
reason takes yet another three-pointer
and that one is a no we are on a fast
break look at me oh I give it to Kelly
Olynyk and he finally finishes and
credits me with yet another says but
more importantly the Wizards did not
have it today and it will see what
happens
if Charlotte lost actually yeah oh is it
got eliminated because I just realized
charlotte lost the Wizards still would
be tied with them and I guess Charlotte
had the advantage so yes the Wizards did
get eliminated on the left side you guys
you seen some pretty good matchups
Timberwolves finish number two they're
gonna bring its clippers we're gonna be
facing off against the New York Knicks
Derrick Rose is in the roster he's
actually playing so they're going up
against
Brooklyn Nets you guys in Miami he's
actually playing against Charlotte
Bobcats and yeah that's probably one of
the most exciting matchups of the first
round so you guys do see the waiters
came up just short and the playoffs will
be in the next episode okay guys enjoyed
it boss nation vegetable entourage and I
am signing out if you haven't done so be
sure to follow me on Twitter put it on
comm slash onto the boss once you're on
Twitter I will keep you guys updated
when I will be uploading my videos what
are you waiting for go ahead and hit
that follow button